The next thing that we need to deploy is my sequel, because, like I've said in the introduction lecture
that we will actually use different database types as part of database per service approach.
So because our user microservices will have data sovereignty over the user data and our bank and microservices
data sovereignty over the bank account database, we can have separate database types.
And that is exactly what we are going to do in this course.
So for our read database on the bank account side, I opted for a MySchool database, but it could have
been a Microsoft SQL database.
Raiders could have been Cosmos DB.
It could have been any other database type that you would prefer Postgres sequel, whatever it may be.
So to start with my sequel again, we need to run it in Dhaka to allow our containers to communicate
with my sequel.
And again, we are going to install client tools, but this time we will also install the client tools
using Docker.
Now there is a common client tool for my SQL called at Minah.
It works very well.
It's not the prettiest client tools, to be honest, so if you want something more shinier, you can
go for something like my school workbench.
So again, in the terminal, we can execute the command docker run.
Dash it Dash D.
Let's call our container my school hyphen container.
For the ports, we can use the default MySchool ports three, three zero six internal or external.
Let's also put it in the Springbank Knit Network.
And then she allows you to provide environmental variables.
Now we are going to use it to specify the my school root password and lists use something simple like
Springbank Route P is W now this is just for simplicity's sake, so please use something more complex
in production.
The restart policy always again and then will also provide a volume my school and the school data and
the school container.
Similarly to what we've done with the MongoDB container and then after the on which is the location
within the container before the colon is the location on our host machine.
It also again pulled the my sequel latest image from the Docker hub repo.
Let's clear the terminal for some space and rent duck space again.
And you can see that my school container has also now been deployed.
And then finally, let's deploy the admin client tools again.
Docker Dr. Dash I.T Dash for detached name container name at minor ports, let's use something as simple
as 880.
Now, a lot of people already have 80 80 in use, so feel free to use anything else but do not use 80,
81, 82 1991 1992 or 80 84 because those are the ports we will use for the microservices that we are
still going to build, as well as Port 2000 to keep those reserved.
And then for environmental variable, let's specify at minor on the default and this goes server and
said that equal to the my school contain a name and that is to set up the default connection.
And then again, restart policy always.
And then as the image name at mine and latest now again, it pulls the image from the Docker hub repo.
And then once it's completed, we can run duck pace again, and you will see that at Minor has also
now been deployed and is listed as a running container.
OK, so go ahead and open your browser and navigate to local host Port 880 or the port you used for
at Minor Username Route.
And then the post we just specified for the MySchool container, which is Springbank Route is W..
And there you will see that we only have the system databases as default.
And that concludes the setup of all of our prerequisites.